---
title: "HF319 with LYP"
date: "Fri, 17 Apr 2026 04:00:00 -0000"
categories:
  - "shows"
author: "DJ"
tags:
  - ""
enclosure: "https://op3.dev/e/pinecast.com/listen/6087a06b-0399-49ce-b527-fbbe6045aa44.mp3?source=rss&ext=asset.mp3 87327911 audio/mpeg"
coverImage: "https://storage.pinecast.net/podcasts/74494b86-80dc-4213-8181-b1c0eae5f6c6/artwork/d88b45b7-4720-4825-9579-64a11472900c/HF319_with_LYP.jpg"
redirectFrom: "/hf16"
episode: 16
season: 26
explicit: "no"
duration: "01:00:32"
---
<p>Fresh from Miami Music Week, LYP steps up to deliver HF319 - a set that moves between deep emotion, disco-laced grooves and classic house soul. From dreamy Jamie Woon remixes courtesy of Solomun and Dos Amis, through Kerri Chandler doing what Kerri Chandler does, to a trio of stone-cold Reflex Revisions, this one flows like a perfect Sunday afternoon bleed into a sweaty late night.</p>
<p>Elsewhere, OMRI. brings quiet intensity, O'Flynn delivers Afro-tinged beauty with Fara, and Dr Packer reminds us all why You Got the Love never gets old. The Pointer Sisters close things out on pure 80s fire.</p>
<p>This is house music doing what it does best - telling the whole story, start to finish.</p>
<hr>
<p><strong>Want more?</strong> Over on the House Finesse VIP Club, One Phat DJ and LYP sat down after Miami Music Week to chat about how music conferences have evolved into full-blown festivals. It's a proper conversation. Join us on Pat<a href="https://www.patreon.com/c/HouseFinesseClub" rel="nofollow">Join us on Patreon</a>reon for that and so much more.</p>
<hr>
<h3>Tracklisting</h3>
<ol>
<li>Jamie Woon - Shoulda (Dimitris Athanasiou Remix)</li>
<li>Jamie Woon - Night Air (Solomun Remix) [Polydor Records]</li>
<li>Jamie Woon - Lady Luck (Dos Amis Remix)</li>
<li>OMRI. - Nothing Wrong (Love Mix) [Crosstown Rebels]</li>
<li>Kerri Chandler - You Are In My System (Extended Club Mix) [Kaoz Theory]</li>
<li>Megatronic - Something [Razor-N-Tape]</li>
<li>O'Flynn - Fara (Extended Mix) [Glitterbox Recordings]</li>
<li>Adam Ten &amp; Rhye - 3 Days Later [Higher Ground]</li>
<li>The Reflex - Michael Jackson - P.Y.T. (The Reflex Revision) [Epic / Sony BMG]</li>
<li>Paul Raymond - Street Player</li>
<li>Dr Packer - You Got the Love (Extended Mix) [Tinted Records]</li>
<li>The Reflex - Sister Sledge - Thinking of You (The Reflex Revision) [Cotillion / Atlantic]</li>
<li>The Reflex - Marvin Gaye - Got to Give It Up (The Reflex Revision) [Motown / UMG]</li>
<li>The Pointer Sisters - Dare Me (12&quot; Dance Mix) [RCA Records]</li>
</ol>
<hr>
<p><em>House Finesse is produced by Unstyled Studios. Find us on all major platforms @housefinesse.</em></p>
<p>Support House Finesse by contributing to their tip jar: <a href="https://tips.pinecast.com/jar/housefinesse" rel="payment nofollow">https://tips.pinecast.com/jar/housefinesse</a></p>