---
title: "HF303 with Disco77's Best of 2025 - 26 Dec 2025"
date: "Fri, 26 Dec 2025 05:00:00 -0000"
categories:
  - "shows"
author: "DJ"
tags:
  - ""
enclosure: "https://op3.dev/e/pinecast.com/listen/f5f68406-4ff8-489f-90f7-a83428b620bb.mp3?source=rss&ext=asset.mp3 92758805 audio/mpeg"
coverImage: "https://storage.pinecast.net/podcasts/74494b86-80dc-4213-8181-b1c0eae5f6c6/artwork/6121ccc2-f268-4237-ad06-44375aae0243/HF303_with_Disco77.jpg"
redirectFrom: "/hf303"
episode: 303
season: 3
explicit: "no"
duration: "01:36:27"
---
<p>For our final mix of the year, Disco77 digs deep for this one, pulling together the tracks that defined his year across disco, soulful house and big dancefloor moments. Turn it up, shut everything else out, and enjoy the ride.</p>
<p>CHEEKY REMINDER!</p>
<p>If you want a bit more House Finesse in your life, the VIP Club gets you bonus content, early access to mixes, higher quality audio and the odd extra treat along the way. Nice and simple.</p>
<p>TRACK LISTING</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Sgt Slick - Groove Baby</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Thunderfunk - Promised Land</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>MF Productions, Maurizio Basilotta - Back Around</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Random Soul ft Nada Leigh - Stronger (Grant Nelson Remix)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Jonas Blue, Malive - Edge of Desire (Jazz-N-Groove Remix)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Sonic Soul Orchestra, Jeagerossa - Malibu (Latin Skod Mix)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Timmy Tom - All Night</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Taylor Swift x Dr Packer - The Fate of Ophelia (Bass Cowboy Bootie)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Per QX - Change of Mind (Stephen Duy’s 2025 Mix)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Kano - Can’t Hold Back (Brian Tappert Rework)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Baccus - Just Be Good To Me</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Trimtone, DAN:ROS, Tony Moran, Sian Lee - Shine On</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Harlem Hustlers ft Sheree Hicks - Right Back</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Duck Sauce - Fallin In Love (Butch Remix)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Jazzy M - Jazzin The Way You Know (Roog Reconstruction)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Daft Punk - Face to Face (Sgt Slick’s Discotizer Remix)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Tommy Vee, Mauro Ferucci, Keller - Inside (At Night)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Tiesto - Una Velita</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Bakermat ft Ron Carroll - Life (Cassimm Remix)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Sub Focus ft Katy B - Push The Tempo (DOD Remix)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>TS7 ft Katie May - Only One</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Gloria Gaynor - Never Can Say Goodbye (Sgt Slick’s Discotizer Re-Cut)</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>CREDITS</p>
<p>Curated and mixed by Disco77</p>
<p>Artwork and branding by Si Jobling</p>
<p>Thanks to all the artists, labels and dancers supporting proper house music in 2025</p>
<p>Produced by Unstyled Studios.</p>
<p>#housemusicalldaylong #disco77 #allovertheshop</p>
<p>Check out our podcast host, <a href="https://pinecast.com" rel="nofollow">Pinecast</a>. Start your own podcast for free with no credit card required. If you decide to upgrade, use coupon code <strong>r-b0b82e</strong> for 40% off for 4 months, and support House Finesse.</p>